bump clang-format to clang-15 (#8561)
diffblue/cbmc: CODING_STANDARD.md

install clang-format locally and run it against your code as you are working.

Different versions of clang-format have slightly different behaviors. CBMC uses

> clang-format-15, available in the standard Ubuntu 24.04 and Homebrew
> repositories. To install on a Unix-like system, try installing using the
> system package manager:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
clang-format-11 or later, available in the standard Ubuntu and Homebrew
repositories. To install on a Unix-like system, try installing using the
system package manager:
```

```

> apt-get install clang-format-15  # Run this on Ubuntu, Debian etc.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
apt-get install clang-format  # Run this on Ubuntu, Debian etc.
```

> brew install clang-format        # Run this on a Mac with Homebrew installed

Reviewer 2: I'm not an expert on `brew`, but this seems like it will break in future when the default is upgraded (where as all the other places and previous code are explicit about the version).

Reviewer: It seems Brew only has versioned variants for clang-format 8 and clang-format 11, while the latest one will install clang-format 19.
